when i was in my 20s , i had my first the .
i was a and i was particularly in berkeley .
she was a woman named alex .
when the came up the first , she came up and she a , and she fell into the couch in my office , the her and told me , about .
and when i heard this , i was .
my , had a patient for a first patient .
and i got a woman in the people who wanted to talk about .
i 'll leave that , i thought i .
but i did n't have it .
with the stories that alex did with the back , it was easy to me just to head with head , while we 're faced the problems .
" 30 is the new 20 " , " alex , and as far as i did , i had right .
work came later , later came later , later came later , later came later .
people in the in the and alex , and i had nothing time .
but soon my was , my head , to ask .
i was going to .
i said , " yeah , you know , you 're with your with your , you with a , but she 's not going to marry . "
and there said my , " , " not yet , but maybe you 'll save the next .
and also , the best time to work on marriage , before they married . "
this is what psychologists call a call .
that was the moment when i realized that 30 was not the new 20 .
yes , people later to look at times as a , but did n't mean to do the the .
and this was alex , the , the , and we got there and we sat up .
and i realized that this kind of the , a problem with real consequences , only just for alex and her , but for the , families , and all of people in the .
at this point , in the united states 50 million people in the .
we talk about 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you say that nobody can achieve the without going to go through the .
if you , you 're in your way .
i want to see a few of you .
oh , yeah ! you 're all incredible .
if you work with somebody , the , loves , because of you , i 'm going to see you -- . people in the really are really important .
my , my are in people in the , because i think that every single million should know what psychologists , and the wisdom of the most of the most of the most things that you can do for happiness , maybe even
this is not my opinion . that 's facts .
we know that 80 percent of the moments , to age to 35 .
that means that eight of 10 decisions , experiences and experiences that make out of your life , make it , until you 're going to be ,
do n't you if you 're over 40 .
this group is going to be fine , i think .
we know that the first 10 years of a , on how much money is going to deserve .
we know that more than half of americans are married or with the future partner or a relationship .
we know that brain is going to be the second and big grow in the and for the , which means whatever you want to do , you now time to be doing that .
we know that the that during the more than the , and in the life and the of the women are with their peak and after 35 .
so in the , you were going to be over the body and the your possibilities .
when we think about the development of a child , we know all know that the first five years for years and are in brain .
it 's the time that the ordinary , life has a impact on the future .
but we hear about little bit about there 's something like , and our are a time for time .
but the people get n't heard in the .
the press talking about the the of the .
scientists call the a .
journalists , the the of people in the like " the " or " . "
that 's true .
so , as culture , we have the what the decade is the .
the , that things that things with a plan and little bit time .
